.
- ONLY THREE HOURS
UNTIL THE PARTY BUS LEAVES
FOR THE KINGS GAME.
ARE YOU READY?
- AM I READY?
- WHAT?
- WE ARE ALL KINGS, TEDWARD.
- MAN, I'MA EAT SO MUCH
STADIUM FOOD TONIGHT.
ALL I'VE HAD WAS A HEAD
OF CABBAGE FOR BREAKFAST.
THAT'S IT.
EXPANDS YOUR STOMACH
AND THEN CLEARS YOU OUT, OKAY?
I'M PUTTING ON A SHOW TONIGHT.
LOOK WHAT I GOT FOR GARY.
IT'S A TOOTHBRUSH.
- I SEE THAT.
- FOR MY PLACE.
- OH, HEY, THAT' A BIG STEP.
- YEAH.
- YOU SURE YOU'RE READY TO GO
TO TOOTHBRUSH LEVEL?
- WELL, I LEFT A PHONE CHARGER
AT HIS PLACE A COUPLE WEEKS AGO,
AND THAT'S BEEN GOING GOOD
SO FAR, SO...
- OKAY, YEAH.
- ALL I COULD THINK ABOUT TODAY
WAS THE KINGS GAME,
AND I HAD THIS DEFENSE ATTORNEY
WHO WOULD NOT SHUT UP.
"THE TRUTH WILL COME OUT,
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
"THE REAL KILLER'S STILL
ON THE STREETS.
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH."
DOESN'T HE KNOW
WE'RE HOSTING THE DUCKS?
- SIR, WE ARE SO EXCITED.
THANK YOU FOR GETTING US
THE LUXURY BOX.
- YEAH, THANK YOU.
- MY PLEASURE.
IT'S NOT MANY TIMES A YEAR
I HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY
TO ROCK THIS.
- WHOA.
- OH.
- YOU HAVE A BOLO
FOR EVERY OCCASION.
- MM-HMM.
- NO, BUT I WILL BY HANUKKAH.
[whispers]
IT LIGHTS UP.
- HEY, I WANTED TO SEE WHAT TIME
WE SHOULD BE
AT THE GAME TONIGHT.
- OOH, I RENTED A PARTY BUS,
SO NO ONE HAS TO WORRY ABOUT
DRINKING AND DRIVING.
IT'LL LEAVE THE COURTHOUSE
PROMPTLY AT 6:00
- JUDGE HERNANDEZ,
I THINK IT'S WORTH NOTING
THAT YOU AREN'T BRINGING MRS. H
TO THE GAME TONIGHT.
HINT TAKEN.
- NO, JUDY, I DON'T LIKE YOU.
- YOU THINK YOU DON'T LIKE ME,
BUT WE'RE SAM AND DIANE.
[distant siren whooping]
- EXCUSE ME, FOLKS.
WE HAVE A SITUATION.
A GUNMAN HAS BARRICADED HIMSELF
INSIDE THE BANK
ACROSS THE STREET.
WE'RE PUTTING THIS
ENTIRE BUILDING ON LOCKDOWN.
NOBODY IN OR OUT
UNTIL THIS IS OVER.
- OH, NO, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
- ALL RIGHT.
WE START THE PRE-PARTY NOW,
OKAY?
I GOT FOUR BEERS AND...
A ZIMA.
WHO'D LIKE TO TAKE A TRIP
BACK TO 1993?
[upbeat music]
*
- HEY, GUYS.
- GARY, YOU'RE HERE TOO?
- YEAH, I WAS TESTIFYING
DOWN THE HALL
ABOUT A NUTJOB
WHO THINKS HE'S JESUS CHRIST.
- OH, WELL, IF HE'S ON LOCKDOWN,
HE CAN TURN WATER INTO WINE.
LET ME KNOW,
'CAUSE WE COULD USE IT.
- CAN EVERYONE JUST MAKE
AN AGREEMENT
TO STOP SAYING THE WORD
"LOCKDOWN"?
I'M STARTING TO FEEL
A LITTLE TRAPPED.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU'RE HERE ALL DAY, EVERY DAY.
- I KNOW, BUT I COULD LEAVE
THE OTHER DAYS.
THIS IS--
- OH, SO NOW THE PERSON
WHO PUTS PEOPLE IN PRISON
IS STARTING TO FEEL LIKE
HE'S IN A PRISON OF HIS OWN.
AND SCENE.
- LET'S PLAY A GAME.
OOH, SECRETS.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY WRITE DOWN
AN INTERESTING AND TRUE FACT
ABOUT THEIRSELVES
THAT NO ONE ELSE KNOWS,
AND THEN SOMEONE WILL
TRY TO GUESS
WHICH CARD GOES TO WHICH PERSON,
YEAH?
- ALL RIGHT, THIS IS DUMB.
- TOM, SINCE YOU WILL
PROBABLY HAVE
THE LEAST INTERESTING FACTS
ABOUT YOURSELF,
YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE TO GUESS.
AND HERE WE GO.
TOM.
- ALL RIGHT.
- YOU HAVE ONE MINUTE
TO MATCH THESE UP.
- READY?
AND...
GO.
- "I'M SO HUNGRY."
- I AM.
I AM SO HUNGRY.
- ALL RIGHT, NUMBER TWO.
"I SKIED ON ACID."
DUH.
THAT IS YOU.
DONE THAT.
"I'VE ONLY SLEPT WITH
FOUR PEOPLE."
SORRY.
[laughs]
PRETTY OBVIOUS.
"I PLAYED COLLEGE BASKETBALL."
OOH...
- YOU ALREADY GAVE ME ONE,
AND THAT'S--
- RACIST.
- THANK YOU.
- 30 SECONDS.
- AH, OKAY.
UH, FINE.
I GUESS IT'S GOT TO BE, HMM?
AND SO, JUDGE, YOU ARE,
"I CRY FOR 20 MINUTES
EVERY MORNING."
THAT'S PROBABLY NOT RIGHT.
HA!
YOUR HONOR, SORRY,
I'M SURE THAT'S--
JUST HOLD IT FOR NOW.
- TIME!
- OKAY.
HOW'D I DO?
LET'S SEE IT.
RAISE YOUR HANDS.
ONE?
SERIOUSLY?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
YOU'RE ALL LYING.
YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY SKIED ON ACID.
- I DON'T SKI.
- THAT WAS ME.
- [gasps]
- WHOA.
- I DON'T CONDONE SUCH BEHAVIOR,
BUT IT WAS THE '60s.
MY FRIENDS AND I GOT LOST ON
THE WRONG SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN.
AND WE WERE IN TROUBLE,
AND THAT'S WHEN THIS GIANT
CONIFER TREE LEANED OVER
AND BEGAN TO SPEAK TO US
TOLD US TO FOLLOW
THE VALLEY DOWNHILL,
TURN RIGHT AT
THE WEEPING BOULDER,
AND THAT WOULD TAKE US TO
THE ROAD RIGHT BY OUR SKI LODGE.
AND SO THAT DAY, I SAID
THAT I WOULD HELP GUIDE OTHERS
THE WAY THAT CONIFER
HAD GUIDED US,
AND HERE I AM.
- WOW.
THAT'S HEAVY, MAN.
SO I PLAYED COLLEGE BASKETBALL.
- IS THAT RIGHT?
- NO WAY!
- MM-HMM, MM-HMM.
I EVENTUALLY HAD TO CHOOSE.
IT GOT IN THE WAY
OF MY PARTYING.
SO, YOU KNOW, IT WAS
A SOPHIE'S CHOICE,
BUT I FEEL LIKE I MADE
THE RIGHT CALL.
- AND TOM,
I MAKE IT A POINT
TO CRY FOR AT LEAST
20 MINUTES A DAY.
- ON PURPOSE?
- YES, SAM MALONE.
I SET AN ALARM, AND THEN
I CRY UNTIL IT BUZZES.
AND THEN I USUALLY HIT
THE SNOOZE BUTTON.
- GARY, WHICH CARD IS YOURS?
- OH, I THINK JUDY HAS MY CARD.
- SERIOUSLY?
- WHAT?
- GARY.
- YOU HAVE ONLY SLEPT WITH
FOUR PEOPLE?
- YOU KNOW, I-I LOST
MY VIRGINITY IN COLLEGE.
AND I GUESS I HAD A FEW
LONG-TERM RELATIONSHIPS.
- A FEW?
BUT YOU'VE ONLY--
I'M THE FOURTH WOMAN
THAT YOU'VE SLEPT--
I MEAN, I AM NUMBER FOUR, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
WHY DOES THIS FREAK YOU OUT?
- BECAUSE...OKAY,
'CAUSE MY NUMBER FOUR
WAS IN HIGH SCHOOL.
- OKAY, LOOK, I'M NOT A VIRGIN.
- YEAH, NONE OF US ARE VIRGINS.
- ALL RIGHT?
I JUST HAD A GIRLFRIEND
FOR NINE YEARS.
- YOU HAD A RELATIONSHIP
FOR NINE YEARS?
WITH WHOM?
- UH, CECILE.
- CECILE.
WHO'S--WHO'S CECILE?
- I DON'T KNOW, LOOK,
WE BROKE UP, LIKE,
EIGHT MONTHS AGO, SO...
- HOLD ON A MINUTE.
WAIT, WAIT, YOU'RE TELLING ME
YOU HAD A NINE-YEAR RELATIONSHIP
WITH A WOMAN NAMED CECILE
THAT I NEVER KNEW ABOUT
UP UNTIL TWO MONTHS BEFORE
WE STARTED SEEING EACH OTHER?
- I--
- I TAKE IT BACK.
THIS GAME IS FUN.
.
- WHO IS THIS CECILE?
I MEAN--I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
HOW'D YOU GUYS MEET?
- WE MET THROUGH MUTUAL FRIENDS.
YOU KNOW, SHE WAS IN TOWN
FOR A SUMMIT ON WORLD PEACE.
- OH, SO SHE'S ONE OF THOSE
HIPPIE PROTESTER TYPES.
YOU KNOW...
UGH!
- YEAH, YOUNG, HOPEFUL,
AND STINKY?
[laughter]
- WELL, NO, I MEAN,
SHE'S A HUMAN RIGHTS ATTORNEY.
AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL
WAS AWARDING HER
WITH THE GOLDEN DOVE
FOR HER WORK WITH
CAMBODIAN REFUGEES.
- WOW, REALLY?
- YEAH.
WELL, AND THEN SHE INVITED ME
TO LIVE WITH HER IN LONDON
WHILE SHE TRAINED
FOR HER CHANNEL SWIM.
I DON'T KNOW.
ONE THING LED TO ANOTHER.
NINE YEARS JUST FLEW RIGHT BY.
- SHE SOUNDS LIKE
A LOVELY WOMAN.
- YEAH, YEAH.
SO WHAT DID--
WHO BROKE UP WITH WHO?
- IT WAS A MUTUAL BREAKUP.
YOU KNOW, I WAS READY
TO START MY PRACTICE HERE,
AND SHE WANTED TO
MOVE BACK HOME TO FRANCE.
- WHOA, FRANCE--
SHE'S FRENCH.
- YEAH.
- OH.
[imitates French accent]
FUH-FUH-FUH-FUH.
[laughs]
THIS LADY SOUNDS PERFECT,
RIGHT?
I MEAN, WHAT IS SHE,
GEORGE CLOONEY'S...
both: WIFE?
[laughter]
- THAT'S SO WEIRD.
SHE ACTUALLY DATED GEORGE
FOR A WHILE.
IT'S CRAZY I USED TO BE
SO JEALOUS ABOUT THAT, RIGHT?
[laughs]
- NO, THAT'S CRAZY.
SO--SO IT WAS THE GEOGRAPHY?
I MEAN, THAT'S WHAT--
THAT'S WHAT DID YOU IN?
- WELL, YOU KNOW, THAT
AND THE FACT
SHE REALIZED
SHE WAS DATING GARY.
[laughter]
NO OFFENSE, GARY.
- YEAH.
- BUT, YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD BE
DATING SOMEONE
LIKE REBECCA HERE.
- [laughs]
YEAH.
WHAT?
- SORRY, FRIENDS.
THE GUNMAN HAS STOPPED
RESPONDING TO THE NEGOTIATOR.
SO YOU GUYS ARE GONNA BE
IN LOCKDOWN A WHILE LONGER.
- [sighs]
- GUYS, LET ME HANDLE THIS.
OFFICER TO OFFICER.
- YEAH.
- OKAY, CAN WE SPEED
THIS LOCKDOWN UP?
WE GOT TO GET TO THE KINGS GAME,
OKAY?
IF YOU CAN JUST TAKE CARE
OF THAT FOR ME.
- THAT'S A DOLLAR.
VALETS GET TIPPED
MORE THAN THAT.
SORRY TO BE THE BEARER
OF BAD NEWS.
- OH, IS THERE ANY GOOD NEWS?
- THEY'RE MAKING TOY STORY 4.
- OH, THAT'S FUNNY.
FUNNY, FUNNY COP.
- THE DOLLAR THING DIDN'T WORK.
UM...
I'M GETTING SHAKY.
I NEED TO EAT SOMETHING.
- OKAY, OKAY.
HEY, HEY, YOU JUST
KEEP IT TOGETHER.
WE'RE GONNA GO TO
THE BREAK ROOM, ALL RIGHT,
AND GET YOU SOME FOOD,
ALL RIGHT?
- OOH!
- WE'RE GONNA LOOK FOR FOOD.
NO, NO, NO, THOSE ARE JUST
CANDY WRAPPERS.
- DOESN'T EVEN TAKE DOLLARS.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I'M LOSING MY MIND.
THIS PLACE IS WORSE THAN PRISON.
AT LEAST IN PRISON,
YOU GET 30 MINUTES IN THE YARD.
- YOU KNOW YOU DON'T HAVE TO
BE HERE, RIGHT?
YOU CAN LEAVE WHENEVER YOU WANT.
- UH, HI, JUDY.
WELCOME TO WHAT'S HAPPENING.
WE ARE ON LOCKDOWN.
- BUT YOU ARE AN OFFICER
OF THE COURT,
WHICH MEANS YOU HAVE A BADGE.
- SO?
- SO USE IT.
JUST GO OUT THERE
AND FLASH YOUR BADGE
AND WALK RIGHT PAST THOSE COPS.
EASY BREEZY.
- YEAH!
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M NOT A CRIMINAL.
- MM-MM.
- I AM THE LAW.
AND I AM GOING FOR IT.
[aggressive rock music]
- SIR, WE'RE UNDER LOCKDOWN.
- OH, IT'S OKAY, OFFICER.
I HAVE A BADGE.
- YOU CAN'T LEAVE.
- WHAT?
NO, IT'S THIS BADGE.
- NO, SIR--SIR!
- OH!
- STOP RIGHT THERE--
- [grunts]
- POOR TOM.
HE SEEMS TO BE LOSING HIS MIND.
- I KNOW.
IT'S AWESOME, ISN'T IT?
- IT IS, ACTUALLY.
- THERE'S GOT BE MORE
TO THAT STORY ABOUT GARY'S
BREAKUP WITH CECILE.
- FOR A SUPERHERO?
- THE ONLY RELATIONSHIPS
THAT END MUTUALLY
ARE THE ONES WHERE BOTH PEOPLE
DIE IN THE SAME ACCIDENT, OKAY?
- SO WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
- I'M SAYING I THINK THAT
CECILE BROKE HIS HEART
AND THAT GARY
IS STILL IN LOVE WITH HER.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
- LOOK, LOOK, LOOK,
I ACKNOWLEDGE THE SITUATION
THAT YOU'RE IN, OKAY,
AND YOUR EMOTIONAL DISTRESS
REGARDING IT.
THAT SAID, I CANNOT CARE
ABOUT ANYTHING
BEYOND THE SWEET HARVEST
IN THAT BREAK ROOM.
- OKAY.
[distant police radio chatter]
- OH, MY GOD.
- LOOTERS.
- NOTHING?
NOTHING?
I SAW THIS GOING
A MILLION DIFFERENT WAYS.
PLANE CRASH.
TAKING A BULLET FOR YOU,
YOU KNOW?
QUICKSAND, YOU KNOW,
PART OF A LARGER NARRATIVE.
NOT LIKE THIS!
- SOY SAUCE?
- AWW.
- OH, MY GOSH.
REBECCA, YOU GOT TO SEE THIS.
- SEE, THEY THINK
IT'S A PILE OF GARBAGE,
BUT THEN IT MOVES,
AND THEY REALIZE
IT'S A LITTLE POOCH.
AND NOW THEY'RE GIVING IT
A BATH,
AND AT FIRST HE'S SCARED,
BUT THEN HE REALIZES
THEY'RE HERE TO HELP,
AND HE'S SMILING.
DO YOU SEE THAT?
- WHAT?
GARBAGE DOG GETS A BATH.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
- I KNOW CECILE USED TO
ALWAYS BAWL AT ANIMAL RESCUES.
- HMM.
- THAT AND WHEN SHE GOT
A POLITICAL PRISONER
OUT OF JAIL
AND HOLDING STARVING CHILDREN,
OF COURSE.
- OF COURSE.
TEDWARD.
- OH, DO YOU GUYS WANNA SEE
THIS VIDEO
OF A BABY GIRAFFE BEING BORN?
- WAS IT REALLY NECESSARY
TO COME ALL THE WAY BACK
TO YOUR CHAMBERS?
I AM WAY TOO WEAK TO BE BURNING
CALORIES ALL WILLY-NILLY.
- SHH!
COME ON.
I HAVE SOMETHING
TO SHOW YOU.
- IS IT BRA FOOD?
PLEASE TELL ME
THAT IT IS BRA FOOD.
- THERE'S NO BRA FOOD, TEDWARD.
YOU ARE LOSING IT.
- OH, DO NOT GIVE ME THAT.
YOU'RE ALWAYS DROPPING STUFF
DOWN THERE.
REMEMBER THAT TIME
WE WENT TO THE MOVIES,
AND THEN AFTERWARDS,
YOU FOUND THREE SOUR PATCH KIDS
AND TWO RAISINETS.
- OKAY, JUST--
THERE'S NOTHING.
OH, WELL, THERE'S A BOTTLE CAP.
- BOTTLE CAP.
WHAT?
- IT'S A DIME AND A--
- COME ON, JUST LIFT IT UP!
- ALL RIGHT, FINE!
JUST GIVE ME A MINUTE.
[objects clattering]
HERE.
- OH!
OH!
- OH, MY GOD, IT'S AN ALTOID.
- [sighs]
- SAVOR IT.
- THAT IS NOT--
THAT IS NOT AN ALTOID.
- OH, MAN,
THAT'S MY CALCIUM PILL.
YOU CAN STILL EAT IT.
IT'S GOOD FOR YOUR BONES.
LOOK, LOOK, LOOK.
WHAT?
- OH, YOU'VE BEEN HOLDING OUT
ON THE CHOCOLATE CELL PHONE.
- NO, FOOL,
IT'S NOT A CHOCOLATE PHONE.
IT'S GARY'S.
I SNAGGED IT AFTER YOU GUYS
WERE FINISHED LOOKING AT
THAT PUPPY VIDEO
WHICH WAS SO SAD AND MOVING.
- WHY DO YOU HAVE
GARY'S CELL PHONE?
- BECAUSE THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT
IF GARY IS IN LOVE
WITH CECILE STILL.
I'M GONNA CALL HER.
I'M GONNA PRETEND TO BE
DR. GARY BOYD,
AND WE'RE GONNA HAVE
A LITTLE CHAT
ABOUT THE RELATIONSHIP,
FIND OUT WHAT THAT PERFECT
HUMANITARIAN,
MULTILINGUAL CHEESE-EATER
HAS TO SAY.
.
- OKAY.
OH, HERE IT IS.
WAIT, THERE'S THREE CECILE'S
IN HIS CONTACTS.
- YEAH, WHO KNOWS THREE CECILES?
NONE OF THEM HAVE LAST NAMES.
THEY'RE ALL LOCAL NUMBERS.
WE'RE JUST GONNA HAVE TO
CALL 'EM ALL
UNTIL WE FIND HER.
- OKAY, HERE'S WHY YOUR PLAN
IS STUPID.
NEITHER ONE OF US
SOUND LIKE GARY.
- OH, COME ON.
YOU MEAN TO TELL ME
THAT YOU DON'T HAVE
SOME SUPER OFFENSIVE
WHITE GUY IMPRESSION
THAT YOU DON'T ROLL OUT
WHEN ALL YOUR "CAUCASIANS"
AREN'T AROUND?
- I'LL MAKE THE FIRST CALL.
- MM-HMM.
[line rings]
- GOOD EVENING, CECILE.
- DO YOU THINK
- YEAH?
- THAT'S HOW WE SOUND?
- YEAH.
IT'S GARY BOYD.
- DR. BOYD, I'M GLAD YOU CALLED!
- [whispering]
WRONG CECILE.
- I'VE BEEN FEELING
SO DEPRESSED--
- YEAH, I'M--I'M GLAD
I CALLED TOO.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE I SENSED
THAT YOU AND JIM
WERE HAVING PROBLEMS.
- [whispering]
BAIL, BAIL.
- I CAN'T--THEY'RE HAVING
MARRIAGE PROBLEMS.
HAVE YOU TOLD JIM THIS IS
HOW HE MAKES YOU FEEL?
- HANG UP!
- [woman indistinct]
- UH, DON'T GO TO BED MAD.
- I'M DOING THE NEXT ONE.
- BONJOUR, SO SORRY TO HAVE
MISSED YOUR CALL.
- YEAH, IT'S HER.
IT'S VOICEMAIL.
- BUT I AM IN SERBIA
HELPING PRIME MINISTER VUCIC
DEAL WITH THE DROPPING VALUE
OF THE DINAR.
- WOW.
- I'LL CALL YOU BACK
ONCE WE SECURE FUNDING
FROM THE INTERNATIONAL
MONETARY FUND.
AU REVOIR.
[beep]
- UH, HEY, CECILE.
[lowers voice]
IT'S, UH...
GARY.
JUST HAVING A BAGUETTE,
THINKING ABOUT YOU,
MISSING YOU,
AU REVOIR.
- HEY.
NOW, THAT WAS TERRIBLE.
- I KNOW, BUT I CAN'T GIVE
MY TOOTHBRUSH TO GARY
IF HE'S STILL IN LOVE
WITH HIS EX-GIRLFRIEND.
AND WHO CAN BLAME HIM?
I MEAN, CECILE,
I MEAN, SHE'S--GOD.
I MEAN, SHE'S A LADY,
YOU KNOW?
PROBABLY DESCENDED FROM ROYALTY
OR SOMETHING,
AND MY ANCESTORS ARE ALL BOOKIES
OUT OF PHOENIX.
- HEY, YOU HOLD YOUR HEAD HIGH,
OKAY?
'CAUSE IN PHOENIX,
THE BOOKIES ARE ROYALTY.
- TOM. YOU KNOW, JUDY AND I WERE
JUST TALKING ABOUT
THE TIME WE HAD
A RACCOON IN THE VENTS,
AND WE WERE WONDERING, HOW DID
THAT RACCOON GET IN THERE?
AND IT OCCURRED TO US IT MUST
HAVE COME FROM THE OUTSIDE.
- IF THIS STORY ENDS
WITH THE RACCOON
LEADING YOU OUT OF THE FOREST,
I'VE HEARD IT.
WHAT'S YOUR POINT?
- THE POINT IS,
THE VENTS LEAD
TO THE OUTSIDE OF THE BUILDING.
- SO IF YOU REALLY
WANT TO LEAVE,
- THERE'S YOUR EXIT.
THAT'S BRILLIANT.
[distant police radio chatter]
[laughs]
I AM HEADING OUT TO FREEDOM!
[grunts]
[Judge Hernandez chuckling]
I WILL REMEMBER YOU.
- [sighs]
THIS IS SO MUCH FUN.
- I KNOW, RIGHT?
- I WONDER WHAT EVER HAPPENED
TO THAT RACCOON?
- HE FOUND A NICE HOME,
AND HE DOESN'T MIND PUTTING
ON BABY CLOTHES.
- HMM.
[shuffling sounds]
[wood creaking]
- [screams]
- [laughs]
[Tom groaning]
- YOU ALL RIGHT, TOM?
- MOMMY.
- YOU GUYS,
I'M NOT GONNA MAKE IT.
JUST TELL THE STORY
OF WHAT I DID HERE.
ROSEBUD.
- HOLD ON, TEDWARD.
DON'T YOU HAVE AN EARTHQUAKE KIT
UNDERNEATH YOUR DESK
WITH A BUNCH OF GRANOLA BARS
IN IT?
- [laughs]
- GARY, I FOUND YOUR PHONE
IN MY OFFICE.
- HEY.
- YOU WEREN'T SNOOPING
BY ANY CHANCE, WERE YOU?
- NO, THAT'S WEIRD.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
IT GOT IN THERE.
- GUESS I'LL JUST HAVE TO TAKE
YOUR WORD FOR IT,
WHATEVER THAT'S WORTH.
- NO.
SOMEBODY'S BEEN
IN MY EARTHQUAKE KIT,
TOOK FOUR GRANOLA BARS.
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING.
- WHAT?
TEDWARD,
WHY DO YOU HAVE CIGARETTES
IN YOUR EARTHQUAKE KIT?
- CURRENCY FOR THE APOCALYPSE.
- HEY, MAN, ARE YOU SURE
THEY WERE IN THERE?
- OH, YEAH.
YEAH, I'M SURE
THEY WERE IN THERE.
- WHAT'S WRONG?
- SOMEONE'S BEEN
IN MY EARTHQUAKE KIT,
TOOK SOME GRANOLA BARS.
WHO WAS IT, HMM?
WAS IT YOU?
[dramatic music]
WAS IT YOU, BARLOW?
- DON'T BE SILLY.
I DON'T EVEN LIKE PEANUT BUTTER.
- HA HA!
I NEVER SAID
WHAT FLAVOR THEY WERE,
BUT THEY WERE, IN FACT,
PEANUT BUTTER--
SOMETHING ONLY THE THIEF AND I
WOULD KNOW.
- IT WAS JUST A GUESS BECAUSE
I KNOW YOU LOVE PEANUT BUTTER.
- WRONG AGAIN!
- OOH!
- I ONLY STARTED EATING
PEANUT BUTTER AGAIN RECENTLY
AFTER A LONG COLD SPELL.
[laughs]
- OH, GOD, WHATEVER.
I DIDN'T TAKE
YOUR STUPID GRANOLA BARS.
- JUST ADMIT IT, TOM.
- IT WASN'T ME.
- GUYS, GUYS,
TAKE IT EASY, OKAY?
- I KNOW YOU'RE LYING.
IF ONLY I COULD PROVE IT.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
I'VE GOT AN IDEA.
YEAH, WE'LL GET
THE POLYGRAPH MACHINE
FROM THE PROBATION OFFICE.
THEN WE'LL FIND OUT
WHO'S BEEN KEEPING SECRETS
AND HIDING THEIR TRUE FEELINGS.
- YES, FEELINGS ABOUT
THE STOLEN GRANOLA BARS.
HMM.
- YEAH, SURE, THAT TOO.
.
- TOM GOES FIRST SINCE
HE'S THE PRIME SUSPECT.
- OKAY, I'M JUST GONNA SAY
RIGHT NOW,
I THINK GARY IS--
LOOKS PRETTY GUILTY.
OKAY SO DO TOM
AND THEN GARY.
- ALL RIGHT.
[clears throat]
TOM, LET'S BEGIN.
FIRST I NEED TO ESTABLISH
A BASELINE.
IS YOUR NAME TOM BARLOW?
- YES.
- DO YOU OWN
A BLACK NISSAN ALTIMA?
- YES--
[beep]
I MEAN, NO.
I MEAN--
TECHNICALLY, THEY ARE BOTH
UNDER TIPPY'S NAME,
BUT WE AGREED THAT IT'S MINE
TO DRIVE DURING THE WEEK.
- DID YOU TAKE THE GRANOLA BARS
FROM MY EARTHQUAKE KIT?
- NO, I DID NOT.
[beep]
- BIG SPIKE!
TOM, YOU'RE LYING.
- OKAY.
TEDWARD, YES, ALL RIGHT?
I BROKE IN THERE
A COUPLE OF HOURS AGO,
BUT I NEEDED A SNACK,
AND TIPPY DID NOT PACK
MY BANANA CHIPS.
- TOM, YOU'RE OFFICIALLY
IN THE DOG HOUSE
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
- THIS WOULD MAKE A TERRIBLE
EPISODE OF LAW & ORDER.
- OKAY, BUT JUST SO YOU KNOW,
WHEN I OPENED IT,
THERE WAS ONLY
ONE GRANOLA BAR INSIDE.
I DID NOT TOUCH THE OTHER THREE.
- HE'S TELLING THE TRUTH.
- OKAY, SO WHO TOOK
THE OTHERS, HUH?
- WELL, I THINK WE ALL
UNDERSTAND IT'S GARY.
COME ON, GARY,
YOU'RE NEXT.
- WHAT?
COME ON.
- NO, WAIT--NO, I--
BECAUSE I WAS TOLD ABOUT
THE EARTHQUAKE KIT BY JUDY.
[dramatic music]
- LET'S DO THIS.
"LET'S DO THIS."
[dramatic music]
- FIRST I NEED TO ESTABLISH
A BASELINE.
- DON'T BOTHER;
I'M TOO TIRED TO FIGHT.
I TOOK TWO GRANOLA BARS
OUT OF YOUR EARTHQUAKE KIT
THIS MORNING BEFORE THE LOCKDOWN
EVEN STARTED.
- JUDY.
- I'M SORRY.
I HAD A CRAVING.
AND WHILE I'M ON HERE,
REBECCA, I GO INTO YOUR OFFICE
AFTER WORK
AND TRY ON YOUR ROBES.
AND TEDWARD,
I TRIED ON YOUR PANTS ONCE.
- WHY?
- [beep] TWICE.
- WHAT?
- [beep] A WEEK.
- HUH? DAMN!
- FOR A YEAR.
- SHE'S TELLING THE TRUTH.
WELL, THAT STILL LEAVES ONE
GRANOLA BAR UNACCOUNTED FOR,
AND, GARY...
[laughs]
YOUR BREATH DID SMELL LIKE OATS
THIS MORNING,
SO, YOU KNOW, COME ON UP.
- IS YOUR NAME DR. GARY BOYD?
- YES.
- ARE YOU REALLY A DOCTOR?
- LIKE YOU WENT TO
MEDICAL SCHOOL?
- YEAH.
- LIKE YOU PASSED THE BOARDS
AND ALL THAT KIND OF STUFF?
- TEDWARD, IS THIS PART
OF THE BASELINE?
- HEY, I HAVE ALWAYS HAD
MY DOUBTS.
LET'S GET INTO IT.
DID YOU TAKE A GRANOLA BAR
FROM MY EARTHQUAKE KIT?
- NO, I DID NOT.
- HE'S CLEAR.
- ARE YOU IN LOVE WITH CECILE?
- WHAT?
- DOES SHE HAVE THE VOICE
OF AN ANGEL?
THAT'S SOMETHING I'VE BEEN
WONDERING.
- OF AN ANGEL?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, SHE TOURED WITH
THE BLACK EYED PEAS,
BUT, LIKE, BRIEFLY.
- WHAT?
HOW IS THIS JUST COMING OUT NOW?
- ARE YOU IN LOVE WITH CECILE?
- WAIT, IS THAT WHAT'S BEEN
BOTHERING YOU?
WHAT, YOU THINK I STILL HAVE
FEELINGS FOR CECILE?
- I DON'T KNOW, MAYBE,
YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, YOU GUYS HAD
A PRETTY FAST BREAKUP
FOR HAVING
SUCH A LONG RELATIONSHIP,
AND SHE'S SO PERFECT,
AND MAYBE YOU'RE HIDING
SOMETHING, YOU KNOW?
SHE'S GOT THE VOICE OF AN ANGEL.
ARE YOU STILL IN LOVE WITH HER?
- REBECCA, I COULDN'T POSSIBLY
STILL BE IN LOVE WITH HER,
BECAUSE--
WELL, YOU PROBABLY DON'T
WANT TO HEAR THIS, BUT...
I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU.
REBECCA.
I LOVE YOU.
- HE'S TELLING THE TRUTH, JUDGE.
- GARY.
I LOVE YOU TOO.
- YEAH?
- YEAH, I DO.
I--I LOVE YOU, GARY.
OH, LOOK WHAT I GOT YOU.
JUST A MINUTE.
- WHAT'S HAPPENING?
- HERE.
IT'S A TOOTHBRUSH
FOR YOU TO KEEP AT MY PLACE.
- HEY, THAT--
THAT IS A BIG STEP!
- I KNOW.
- YEAH.
- GREAT NEWS, FRIENDS.
WE HAVE RESOLVED
THE SITUATION OUTSIDE.
THE AREA IS CLEARED,
AND YOU ARE ALL FREE TO GO.
- YES!
- WHAT HAPPENED WITH THE GUNMAN?
- THAT DIDN'T TURN OUT
TOO GREAT.
BANK'S PROBABLY GONNA BE CLOSED
FOR A WHILE.
I RECOMMEND THE BRANCH
OVER ON MAGNOLIA
UNTIL THEY GET THE BLOOD OUT.
GO KINGS!
- IF WE GET ON THAT BUS
RIGHT NOW,
WE WILL BE IN OUR SEATS
WHEN THE PUCK DROPS.
- YES!
- LET'S DO THIS, PEOPLE!
- NO, NO, NO.
NOBODY'S GOING ANYWHERE
TILL WE FIGURE OUT WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY LAST GRANOLA BAR.
OH, THERE IT IS.
THAT'S FUNNY.
IT WAS IN MY HOLSTER
THE WHOLE TIME.
- TEDWARD...
- COME ON.
- I WONDER WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY GUN.
[crowd noise,
stadium music]
THIRD TRIP
AND NO END IN SIGHT.
THAT CABBAGE BREAKFAST
IS THE BEST IDEA I'VE HAD.
THANKS FOR ALL THIS, JUDGE.
- CHEERS.
YOU CAN REALLY THANK ME,
TEDWARD,
BY TRYING VERY HARD
TO FIND YOUR GUN.
- MM.
IT'S SOMEWHERE.
YEAH.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, TOM?
I'M REALLY PROUD OF YOU.
YOU HANDLED THAT LOCKDOWN TODAY
LIKE A REAL MAN.
- THANK YOU.
- COME ON, THAT'S HIGH STICKING!
- COME ON.
- ARE YOU [bleep] KIDDING ME?
[crowd noise in background]
SKATE FASTER TO GET
TO THE [bleep] PLAY,
YOU [bleep] IDIOT.
[bleep].
- YEAH, THAT'S MY SPECIAL LADY.
[phone plays Alouette]
THAT'S WEIRD.
CECILE'S CALLING ME.
BONJOUR.
WHAT?
NO, I DIDN'T CALL YOU.
YEAH, PRETTY SURE.
I SAID WHAT?
NO, NO, I--
- AU REVOIR.
[crowd noise in background]
- I TAKE IT YOU DON'T WANT ME
TO HAVE HER NUMBER.
- GARY.
[both laugh]
[crowd cheering]